# OnlineStore
This is the documentation for folowing application based on Java's Spring-Boot.

First of all, I've used Spring-Boot with such dependancies as: WEB, JDBC, H2, JPA, Jakarta Persistance and Mockito.
My online store's backend is based on localhost, as it is simply placeholder implementation of this task, because of the scalability of Spring-Boot it can be easily set up as WEB hosted application on some domain. Also, H2 dependancy is used to perform data saving and operating by using local-memory database H2, which is simple and visual example of how application is going to work with SQL database and perform basic CRUD operations. JDBC and JPA dependencies are used to perform abstraction principal for our Service class, which is used to perform exactly the CRUD operations. Jakarta is used for annotations, such as @Entity, @Tablle, @Column and many more. Mockito is very useful and basic testing tool, that provides several options for testing the application, such as: when, perform ... andExpect etc. All of the basic functions can be found in ControllerTest class. Also, as it was said about the Controller, we basically use controller as RestController, that is used to receive and work on HTTP requests, and send them to Service, where they are being executed. And for the end, we have Game class, which is @Entity for our table "game", this entity has basic fields: name, description and price, which are not-nullable by the strategy, also game has ID which, of course, could be primary key, if we are talking about more complex SQL engines, and ID is being defined as the type of Identity, which means, that it will be provided for tables and increment automatically by the principal of ID-number. 

That's basically it, everything is provided by test, all CRUD operations could be made by HTTP requests through, for example, Postman, and could be checked by going to specific adresses which are used for these requests. Also, the project is based on Maven, so, for executing the program user can use ./mvnw spring-boot:run, and for executing tests user can use ./mvnw test. Thank you for your attention, I hope that everything is explained clear and understandable!
